(GENTLE MUSIC PLAYING)
NARRATOR: Once upon a time,
there was a young man
who believed there was nothing
more important than a wish.
Not just any wish, of course.
The one
that drives your heart.
The one that makes you
who you are.
But he also understood
just how impossible it can be
to make that wish come true.
How easily dreams
can be destroyed.
And so, he set out
to do something about it.
He studied the magic
of the world tirelessly
and became a mighty sorcerer,
able to protect
from harm or ill will,
any wish given to him,
and for the good
and the worthy,
even grant that wish.
The sorcerer didn't know
if the world would want his gift.
But he and his loyal wife
found the most perfect island
deep in the Mediterranean Sea.
And there they built
a kingdom like no other,
where anyone, any family,
no matter where
they came from, were welcome.
Can this boat go any faster?
(MAN GAGS)
NARRATOR: And to their joy,
people came,
settled there
from far and wide,
gave their wish
and appreciation
for his protection,
and with the very real hope
it could one day be granted.
(GOAT BLEATS)
And everyone agrees
there is no one
more deserving...
- (GOAT BLEATING)
- ...than my grandfather.
(BLEATS)
- A most loving...
- (BLEATS)
- (QUICKLY) ...and handsome...
...man who turns
100 years old today.
Oh, that's it?
- Now you're done talking?
- (BLEATS)
Valentino's never
done talking.
(CHUCKLES) If only
we could understand you.
(BLEATS DISAPPOINTEDLY)
The King has called
a wish ceremony today!
- (LAUGHS)
- Oh! Oh. Oh!
This is it!
No, it can't be a coincidence
the King is calling
a wish ceremony
on your birthday.
Putt, putt, putt,
and knock on wood.
Tonight's your night, Saba.
I can feel it.
Asha, let's bake a cake.
Oh!
(INHALES SHARPLY) Uh...
- (HESITANTLY) No.
- But I love cake.
I mean, I... I can't.
- I'm giving a tour and then...
- Hmm.
Um, I'm helping.
I'm helping Dahlia.
- Yeah. So, eh... (CHUCKLES)
- SABINO: Hmm.
- Why'd you say it like that?
- Like what?
What are you up to?
What makes you think
that I'm up to something?
Because I know your pauses.
I'm maturing.
My pauses are changing.
Asha!
Can't talk now,
I'm gonna be late.
- (BLEATS)
- Oh.
I'll see you
at the wish ceremony.
SABINO: Oh,
I wouldn't miss it.
I've got a good feeling
about it!
(PLEASANT MUSIC PLAYING)
I'm here!
I'm here. I'm here.
Whew! Just one second.
Let me catch my breath.
(CHUCKLES)
Hola, shalom, salam.
Everyone ready?
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
(SINGING) Welcome to Rosas
Come on, come this way
Where the greatest creations
are all on display
There's no other place
just as full of surprise
Where your dreams
and your reality can collide
You wanna dance on beat?
Or to have hair touch down
to your feet?
Go to outer space
Well, hey, you've come
to the right place
- (ALL GASP)
- 'Cause here
In the city of Rosas
You can turn
all your wanting to wishing
No what ifs and no wonders
Oh, here, in the city of Rosas
It's unlikely
that you'll be unhappy
With so much to discover
A home for me, for you
And all of us
The city of Rosas
- (BOY GIGGLES)
- (CROWD GASPS)
So, like, we have
this king named Magnifico
And he built Rosas
many years ago
- With lightning for hands
- (GASPING)
And eyes that can glow
No, no, no,
I'm totally kidding.
But he is powerful
He's just like us
- (BLEATS)
- With a twist
And someone
that I'd like to kiss
ASHA: Oh, dear!
A magic swish
And there you have it, poof!
There's your wish
Ooh, and hey, did I mention
when you turn 18
You get to give your wish
in a ceremony
And he keeps them safe,
every wish he acquires
And once a month
He grants someone's
greatest desire
It could be you someday
Or my Saba Sabino's
Oh, I can't wait
Does it hurt?
Do you cry?
Oh, no and you won't even miss it
When you say "goodbye"
'Cause here
- In the city of Rosas
- (ALL GASPING)
You can turn
all your wanting to wishing
No what ifs and no wonders
Oh, here, in the city of Rosas
It's unlikely
that you'll be unhappy
With so much to discover
A home for me, for you
And all of us
The city of Rosas
- (MUSIC ENDS)
- (ALL CHEERING)
I'll give my wish.
Do you really forget your wish
once you give it?
You forget without regret.
- I want to meet the King.
- You're in luck.
There's a wish ceremony tonight.
You're welcome to stay
and watch.
- BOY: I love food!
- Enjoy.
WOMAN: This is amazing!
MAN 1: I want to live here.
MAN 2: So do I.
WOMAN 2: I'm never leaving.
WOMAN 3: This is delicious!
- Help me!
- Huh?
Best friend and honorary doctor
of all things rational,
my interview is in one hour,
and I'm so nervous
I think I'm going to explode.
- (VALENTINO BLEATS)
- Interview. What interview?
- Dahlia?
- (CHUCKLES)
You mean the interview
with our velvety sweet
buttercream of a king.
Oh, please
don't say it like that.
My best friend,
the King's apprentice.
I'll be famous.
I have forgotten how to talk.
I have no words.
Is my mouth drooping?
I feel like it's drooping.
(TRILLS LIPS)
Quick, ask me
an interview question.
Okay, Asha,
what's your weakness?
Weakness? Um...
I get irrational
when I'm nervous.
No, no.
You care too much.
I do? Wait.
Is that a weakness?
That's why it's perfect.
You're welcome.
- Just relax.
- (BREATHES DEEPLY)
You're surrounded by friends.
(SNORING)
(SNIFFING)
(GASPS) Cookies?
- ALL: Cookies.
- I like cookies.
- Me first.
- Look out.
GABO: Out of my way!
BOY: Yes, yes, yes.
DARIO: Cookies.
Give me the cookies.
- SIMON: Out of the way!
- Slow down.
- Move over. Okay, okay.
- I love cookies.
- Safi, they're lemon.
- Oh, no. (INHALES)
- Yes.
- (SNEEZES)
Ugh!
Life is so unfair.
- Take mine.
- (GASPS)
Bazeema, where did you come from?
Hi. (CHUCKLES)
Oh, take mine, too.
I can't eat.
Oh, right.
Your interview with the King.
Hey, look at me.
Don't worry.
We'll be here for you
when you fail.
Gabo.
Oh, there are the cookies.
Oh, Safi sneezed on those.
Oh, thanks.
OTHERS: Ew.
Anyway.
Not that I blame you
for trying to cheat the system.
What? I'm not trying
to cheat at anything.
(CHUCKLES) Come on.
Everyone knows the racket.
The King's apprentices
get their wishes granted,
and usually
their family's wishes, too.
- Uh...
- Not always.
- ALL: Mm-mm.
- Ooh.
- Maybe always.
- ALL: Mm-hmm.
Wait, isn't your Saba
turning 100 today
and still waiting?
- Ignore him.
- GABO: Bah-bah-bah-bah-bah!
Not to mention the fact
that you're also turning 18.
- Happy birthday.
- In a few months...
not today.
And when you give your wish
to the King,
you don't wanna have to end up
like Simon here, do you?
Huh? What's wrong
with Simon here?
It's... I don't know.
You're kind of boring now.
No offense.
Have I become boring?
Do... Do you all think that?
- Achoo.
- No, not boring.
- Just...
- Calmer.
Oh.
Oh, Simon, don't worry.
You're still you,
and I bet you'll get your wish
granted really soon.
Unlike your poor old Saba
who's still waiting...
- (BLOWS)
- (COUGHING)
(COUGHS, CLEARS THROAT)
- The Queen.
- (GROUP GASPS)
- Your Majesty.
- Queen Amaya.
Oh, my goodness.
Asha, the King
is ready for you.
Now? Am I late? I thought I...
You're fine.
- The last interview...
- (DOOR OPENS)
- It was a disaster! (SOBBING)
- (OBJECTS CLATTERING)
...finished early. Shall we?
Oh, okay, I'm ready.
I am so not ready.
You're fine.
Just don't touch anything.
Don't forget to curtsy,
- and tell him I love him.
- What?
I'm kidding.
Do not tell him that.
(CHUCKLES) Great. Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Bye. Don't get your hopes up.
- (VALENTINO BLEATS)
- (GABO GRUNTS)
- (BLEATS)
- (GABO HUFFS)
QUEEN AMAYA: The apprentice
should always keep
the fire going
because the King
likes his tea hot.
- Uh-huh.
- He also likes to talk.
- Quite a bit.
- (CHUCKLES)
- Feel free to just listen.
- Oh, I'm a good listener.
Some items might seem strange,
but why a sorcerer needs
what a sorcerer needs
- is not your concern.
- Right.
And above all,
do not expect
to see the wishes.
- Don't even ask.
- Yes, ma'am.
I mean, I won't, Your Majesty.
I'm rooting for you, Asha.
- You are?
- Mm-hmm.
Oh, thank you, ma'am.
But... why?
Well, I see the way
you look out for others.
It's clear how much
you love this kingdom
and its people.
Well, of course.
That kind of generosity
has always been
the true essence of Rosas.
(CHUCKLES COYLY)
Now, are you ready
to meet the King?
Oh, I hope so. (CHUCKLES)
(SIGHS HEAVILY)
(ASHA GASPS)
- (ENCHANTING MUSIC PLAYING)
- Wow.
(CHUCKLES)
He'll be right with you.
I'm going to check
on the ceremony.
Oh, okay. Um...
Bye.
(SNIFFS)
(ASHA SIGHS IN AWE)
Huh.
"Fire Magic,
"History of Spells."
Whoa!
- Huh. Oh!
- No, no. No, no. (CHUCKLES)
Asha, that book is forbidden.
Oh. Hi. I was just, um...
- (CRACKLING)
- (SHRIEKS) What's happening?
Well, I put a spell on the...
(CLEARS THROAT) on the glass.
Well, I just thought
the etchings were pretty.
Yes, but the book...
- the book is dangerous.
- Ow! Then why have it?
A king must be prepared
for everything. Hold on.
Hold still, hold still.
(CHUCKLING)
- (ASHA EXCLAIMING)
- Oop! Don't move, I got it.
ASHA: No, no.
- (ASHA GRUNTING)
- (KING MAGNIFICO CHUCKLES)
- A bit of exercise.
- Shoo, shoo. Shoo, shoo, shoo.
- Um, are you okay?
- Shoo, shoo. (GRUNTS)
No. I... (FUMBLES)
I mean, yes.
And I understand
if you want me to leave
and never show my face again.
Oh, please,
let's not overreact.
You're here. You've certainly
got my attention.
So, go ahead.
Tell me why you think
you should be my apprentice.
Okay, well...
(CHUCKLES, CLEARS THROAT)
I care too much.
Okay, that's interesting.
It's my weakness.
Figured I might as well
get through
all the bad stuff
right up front.
Fair enough.
And your strengths?
Glad you asked.
I'm a quick learner
and a hard worker,
and I help well.
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
And I'm young,
so I'm malleable,
but not too young
- so that I'm too malleable.
- Ah.
Oh, and I like to draw.
Is this anything?
Uh... What am I looking at?
- It's a goat.
- Oh!
- It's hopping.
- Certainly.
- See?
- Oh, again.
- It's hopping.
- That is a unique talent.
Do we call that a talent?
Oh, well, it's just something
my father taught me.
I think I remember
your father.
- Really?
- He was a philosopher,
wasn't he?
Always talking
about the stars.
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
We used to climb that tree
on the high ridge,
where it becomes
just you and the stars.
You know, he'd say,
"The stars are there
to guide us,
"to inspire us,
"to remind us
to believe in possibility."
Well, even when he was sick,
he'd take me out
at night to dream.
All I dreamed about
was him getting better.
How old were you
when he passed?
Twelve.
That's not fair, is it?
When I was young,
I too suffered great loss.
I... I didn't know that.
I'm sorry.
KING MAGNIFICO:
My entire family.
Our lands were destroyed
by selfish, greedy thieves.
Hmm, if only
I'd known magic then.
(INHALES DEEPLY) You see,
I founded this kingdom
so there would be a place
where everyone is safe.
Asha, no one should
ever have to see
their dreams destroyed
before their eyes.
No one should
have to live their life
feeling the pain of that loss
every day.
And that's why I do what I do.
And that's why
I want to work for you.
Mm-hmm. Come with me.
(GASPS SOFTLY)
(GASPS)
You're one of the very few
I have ever invited in here.
But if I'm to trust you,
I need to know you understand
just how important they are.
"They"?
The wishes of Rosas.
(ASHA GASPING)
(ASHA CHUCKLES)
You can feel them,
already, can't you?
They are everything.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I don't know why I said that.
- (GROANS SOFTLY)
- No, no, that's it.
They are everything.
I didn't expect them
to be so... alive.
- (BOTH CHUCKLE)
- Yes.
You see,
people think wishes
are just ideas.
But no, no,
they are a part of your heart.
The very best part.
(GENTLE MUSIC PLAYING)
(SINGING) If happiness
was a tangible thing
It would be you
If you'da told me
the feeling you'd bring
I'd think it untrue
And people search
for a wonder like you
All of their lives
You still amaze me
after all this time
You pull me in
like some kind of wind
Mesmerized by the hold I'm in
Leave you here, I don't wanna
I wanna
Promise as one does
I, I will protect you
at all costs
Keep you safe here in my arms
I, I will protect you
At all costs
What's pain when I look at you
No way I could explain you
Even if I tried to
I'll never dream
like I used to do
If someone tried to hurt you
I don't see how
that could happen
I'd fight for you in ways
you can't imagine
Felt this, no, I haven't
I hope it would be all right
To stay right here beside you
BOTH: And promise as one does
I, I will protect you
At all costs
Keep you safe here in my arms
I, I will protect you
At all costs
If you're ever feeling
like you're lost
I'll come find you
Man all fronts
There's no ocean
I won't swim across
To be right by you
And not just once
Here and now I swear
on my response
I'll remind you
And promise as one does
I, I will protect you
At all costs
Keep you safe here in my arms
I, I will protect you
At all costs
- At all costs
- (MUSIC ENDS)
(PANTING)
You know, Asha,
I would love to see someone
wish to be the best apprentice
a mighty sorcerer
has ever had.
What do you say?
(FAINT DREAMY MUSIC PLAYING)
Asha?
It's my Saba Sabino's wish.
It's his birthday today,
and he's 100 years old.
That's impressive.
Your Majesty... (SIGHS)
would you maybe consider
granting his wish tonight?
Well, that was fast,
wasn't it? (CHUCKLES)
(GROANS) You know, most people
wait a few months,
even a year,
before they start
asking me for things.
I'm so sorry.
- I did not mean to...
- No, no, it's okay. It's okay.
Here, let me see the wish.
It is a beautiful wish.
Beautiful.
- Mm.
- (INAUDIBLE)
But, unfortunately,
it's too dangerous.
Dangerous?
Your Saba longs
to create something
to inspire
the next generation.
Great wish but too vague.
Create what?
A rebellious mob, perhaps?
To inspire them to...
to do what?
Uh, destroy Rosas, maybe?
My Saba would never
do anything to hurt anyone.
- You think that.
- I know that.
Well, you're young.
You don't know anything, really.
Whereas it is my responsibility
to only grant the wishes
I am sure are good for Rosas.
So, most of these wishes
will never be granted?
Yet I still protect them
like all the others.
Can't you just
give them back instead?
Excuse me?
The wishes you're not
going to grant,
you could just give them back.
Then, I don't know,
the people can try
to pursue them themselves?
You know,
if they're dangerous,
then they can be stopped,
but if they're not...
You've completely
missed the point.
People come here
because they know
they can't make
their own dreams come true.
The journey's too hard.
It is too unfair.
They give their wishes to me, willingly,
and I make it
so they forget their worries.
You make it so they forget
the most beautiful part
of themselves.
And they don't know
what they're missing.
But you do.
And now I do.
It's not fair.
My Saba is good.
The people of Rosas are good.
They deserve more than...
(LOUDLY) I decide
what everyone deserves!
(DOOR OPENS)
Mi Rey?
Sorry to interrupt.
But it's time for the ceremony.
Is it, my love?
Hmm. Seat Asha with you
on the main stage.
Oh, no. No, no. It's okay.
I insist.
- (FANFARE MUSIC PLAYING)
- (CHEERS AND LAUGHTER)
(GRUNTS)
(CROWD CHEERING)
Are you ready, Rosas?
(CROWD CHEERS)
Another beautiful night
in my kingdom.
So good to see you.
Good to be seen.
First things first.
We have two new citizens
ready to give their wishes.
(CROWD CHEERS)
Helena, Esteban,
you're going
to be very happy here,
I promise you.
Now make a wish
and hold it in your heart.
(HOPEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
- (CROWD CHEERING)
- (BOTH GASP)
It's a real weight off, isn't it?
MAN 1: Forget without regret.
Whoo!
KING MAGNIFICO: Okay then,
who is ready
to have their wish granted?
MAN 2: Grant my wish!
Over here!
Now, I have been
challenged today
to take a chance
and try something new.
Thank you, Asha.
And it is with clarity
and an open heart full of love
that I grant today's wish
to someone who has very patiently
- waited long enough.
- WOMAN: It has to be Sabino.
- Sania Osman.
- (CROWD CHEERING)
Where is Sania?
There she is.
- Come on up.
- He said, "Sania"? It's me?
It's me. It's me!
Coming through, thank you.
It's just so exciting!
- Sania Osman...
- (CHUCKLES EXCITEDLY)
...I mean it when I say
it truly is my great pleasure
to grant your heart's desire
to sew
the most beautiful dresses
in all the land!
My wish has come true.
- Poor Saba.
- He's waited so long.
See, never, ever
get your hopes up.
- KING MAGNIFICO: Asha.
- (GASPS)
Obviously, I will not be offering you
the position as my apprentice.
But... But don't worry,
I will still protect
your Saba's wish
and your mother's, forever.
(TRIUMPHANT MUSIC PLAYING)
- Mi Rey?
- Now that went well,
don't you think?
Are you hungry?
(SABINO SIGHS)
(VALENTINO BLEATS)
(SIGHS) Come now,
we don't waste food.
Dig in and enjoy.
You're right, Saba. (CHUCKLES)
We should be looking
at the bright side.
Asha,
you got to the final few
being considered
for the most prestigious
position in the kingdom.
And Saba,
there's always next time.
- Cheers to that.
- (CHUCKLES)
Asha?
Saba,
I need to tell you something.
Tell me what, child?
I don't think, um,
your wish...
- will ever be granted.
- What?
Why would you say
such a thing?
Because the King told me so.
He said it's too dangerous
to grant.
My wish is dangerous?
No. That's the thing.
I don't think it is at all.
You... You saw it?
I did.
And you should know
what it is.
No. No.
Don't say anything.
But it's so, so beautiful.
Well, clearly Magnifico
feels otherwise, so...
Saba, what gives him
the right to decide?
He... He is the King
and he has made everything
possible for us.
If you had seen them,
if you had felt them
like I did,
you would understand.
It's not just yours, Saba.
There are so many wondrous,
powerful wishes
that will never be granted,
- just floating there...
- Asha? Asha!
- ...helpless.
- Sit down, calm down.
I can't! I can't
just sit here with you,
Saba, knowing
your incredible wish
- and not tell you.
- Then don't.
What?
You are excused
from the table.
Saba?
Why? Why would you want me
to know a wish
that can never be?
But I didn't...
But it's your wish.
Are you trying
to break my heart, child?
- No. No.
- (SABINO BREATHES HEAVILY)
I... I would never,
ever try...
(CRYING) I'm sorry.
- Asha!
- (VALENTINO BLEATS)
Asha!
(VALENTINO BLEATS)
(PANTING)
(SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING)
(SNIFFLES)
(SINGING) Isn't truth
supposed to set you free?
Well, why do I feel
so weighed down by it?
If I could show them
everything I've seen
Open their eyes
to all the lies
Then would they change
their minds like I did?
But when I speak,
they tell me, "Sit down"
But how can I when
I've already started running?
Oh, this is where we've been,
but it's not where we belong
And I may be young
but I know I'm not wrong
So, I look up at the stars
to guide me
And throw caution
to every warning sign
If knowing what it could be
is what drives me
Then let me be the first
to stand in line
So, I make this wish
To have something more
for us than this
So, I make this wish
To have something more
for us than this
(MUSIC TEMPO INCREASES)
Hey, yeah, yeah, yeah
Hey, yeah, yeah, yeah, ah hah
More than this
Oh woah, oh woah, oh woah
I never knew
I needed room to grow
Yeah, I did what I was told
when someone told me, "No"
Now I've got all of
this freedom in my bones
But I've still got the lid on
so it doesn't overflow
'Cause I've got reservations
and hesitations
On where I should even begin
I'm past dipping my toes in
But I'm not, no, I'm not past diving in
If I could just be pointed
in any given direction
On where to go and what to do
My legs are shaking
but my head's held high
The way you always
taught me to (SOBS)
So, I look up at the stars
to guide me
And throw caution
to every warning sign
I'm sure there will be
challenges that find me
But I can take them on
one at a time
So, I make this wish
To have something more
for us than this
So, I make this wish
To have something more
for us than this
- Hey, yeah, yeah, yeah
- CHORUS: So, I make this wish
- Hey, yeah, yeah, yeah, ah hah
- To have something more
More than this
Oh woah, oh woah, oh woah
So, I make this wish
To have something more
for us than this
(MUSIC OUTRO PLAYS, ENDS)
(PANTING)
(CRACKLING)
(ANIMALS SQUEAKING)
(PEOPLE GASPING IN AWE)
- Oh! Can you feel that?
- (GASPS) Hmm.
(GASPS)
(ALL GASPING)
Mmm.
(SOFTLY) Oh.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(GASPS)
KING MAGNIFICO:
What's happening?
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
No. No, no, no.
(GRUNTS QUIETLY)
Mi Rey,
oh, you spoil us
with your magic.
Whatever that was,
it was marvelous.
I didn't do it.
What?
And it affected my wishes.
- Is it some sort of warning?
- (GASPS)
I believe I have
just been threatened.
Who would dare threaten you?
(CHUCKLES)
What was that?
- (BLEATS)
- You felt it, too, didn't you?
- It... It was electric.
- (BLEATS)
It was joy and hope
- and possibility and wonder...
- (BLEATING)
...inside the most loving light.
Can light be loving?
- (YELPS)
- Ugh, I sound ridiculous,
don't I?
I'll take that as a yes.
- (WHOOSHING)
- Whoa! Whoa!
- (BLEATS)
- Valentino!
- (BLEATING)
- (CHICKENS CLUCKING)
- (GLASS BREAKING)
- (COW MOOING)
(ANIMAL YELPS)
(ASHA PANTING)
(WHISPERING) Stay back.
- (BLEATS)
- Shh.
Creepy. (SHUDDERS)
Ooh?
(GASPS, GRUNTS)
(SHRIEKS)
- Wait. (GRUNTING)
- (WHOOSHING)
- (BLEATS)
- No, no, no, no. Aah!
- (WHOOSHING)
- (BLEATS)
(ASHA PANTING)
(GRUNTS)
(BLEATS)
(GROANS)
- (WHOOSHING)
- (BLEATING)
(CELESTIAL MUSIC PLAYING)
(GASPS)
(BLEATS)
Um, okay.
(SHRIEKS) Wh...
Whoa. Uh...
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
- (SQUEAKS SOFTLY)
- Ho-ho there.
(LAUGHS) Aah!
Huh? Wait, what are you doing?
That is private.
- Ow!
- (BLEATING)
Wh... What?
What are you?
You kind of look like...
a star.
Okay, you can't be. (CHUCKLES)
I mean,
I know I wished on a...
But... (LAUGHING)
no.
- Yes?
- (DING)
(MAGICAL MUSIC PLAYING)
(YAWNING)
(MUSHROOMS YAWNING)
(YAWNS AND BABBLES)
This is crazy.
- MUSHROOMS: We love crazy!
- Oh! I'm seeing things.
(BLEATS)
- (BLEATS)
- (SQUEALS)
Whoa, what are you doing?
Valentino, don't eat that.
(BLOWING)
(GULPS)
(BLEATING)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYS)
- It didn't work.
- (ASHA GASPS)
When does the magic happen? Ah!
Oh, something's happened.
I'm talking! I am talking. Ha!
Who knew my voice
would be this low?
(SQUEAKING EXCITEDLY)
(GENTLE MUSIC PLAYS)
- ANIMALS: Mmm.
- Delicious.
Magic is chewy.
Sparkly and spicy.
Okay, I have a few thousand
questions, starting with,
"How did I manage
to connect with a star
"all the way across the sky?"
and ending with,
"How is any of this possible?"
Just relax.
To all your questions,
there is one
very simple answer.
Which is...?
Well, think about it.
We're no different,
you and me.
We are all...
Overwhelmed?
And completely entirely made
of the very same,
very special thing,
which is...
- Hope?
- (SQUIRREL SIGHS)
Let's just try this
another way.
(SINGING) Have you
ever wondered why
You look up at the sky
for answers?
- (UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
- Or why flowers in the wind
Are effortless
and eloquent dancers?
Or what forms
the rings in the trees
Turns a pine from a seed?
What's passed down generationally?
- To you
- (SHRIEKS)
And to me
And why our eyes all look
like microscopic galaxies?
Have you ever wondered why
You look up at the sky
for answers?
ALL: Well, you don't have
to look too hard
We're here
for all your question marks
If you're try'na figure out
just who you are
Don't look far.
In the sky and your front yard
In your heart
and in your scars
If you really wanna know
just who you are
- (GASPS)
- You're a star!
Yes!
Boom!
Did we just blow your mind?
- Uh-huh
- Well, I've known
The entire time
When it comes to the universe,
we're all shareholders
- Get that through your system
- Solar!
See, we were all
just little nebulae
In a nursery from supernovas
Now we've grown
into our history
We're taking whys
right out of mystery
Closure
- Now we're taking in
- All the star exposure
We eat the leaves
and they eat the sun
See, that's where
all the balls of gas come from
Hey, you still look like
you're hanging on by a strand
But if you just
see the mushrooms
Then you'll understand
So, your dust is my dust?
- Fantastic!
- Whoo!
Well, you don't have
to look too hard
It's all around
and not too far
If you're try'na figure out
just who you are
You're a star!
Do you know
you're a work of art
Even in the deepest dark
If you really wanna know
just who you are
- (DING)
- I'm a star!
Here's a little fun allegory
That gets me excitatory
This might sink in
in the morning
We are our own origin story
If I'm explaining this poorly
Well, I'll let Star
do it for me
It's all quite revelatory
We are our own origin story
Well, you don't have
to look too hard
It's all around
and not too far
If you're try'na figure out
just who you are
You're a star.
No matter where
you end or start
We're all each other's counterparts
If you really wanna know
just who you are
I'm a star!
- Whoo!
- Ooh, I'm a star
Watch out, world, here I are
- Hey, hey!
- You know who's looking sharp?
- Who?
- Me! I'm a star!
ANIMALS: Whoo!
You're a star
Watch out world, here you are!
Hey, hey!
You know who's looking sharp?
- Who?
- You! You're a star!
(ALL LAUGHING AND CHEERING)
- (MUSIC ENDS)
- That was nuts!
I've never felt so connected.
We should do this more often.
It's a shame
we don't get along better.
Hey, thanks
for not eating me, John.
Don't mention it, Bambi.
It's all good.
- (SQUEAKS)
- This is extraordinary.
And my father said that
we were connected to the stars.
That's why I wished
and now you're here...
for me.
Well, what do I...
Wait, do you grant wishes?
(DING)
Oh! Oh, no, I'm sorry.
Obviously not.
Forget I asked.
I'm just not sure
how this works.
(LAUGHING)
I wished for more for us,
for my family,
and for...
Oh. No, no, no, no.
Not in, like, a selfish way.
I just want their wishes
to have a chance.
- (SQUEAKS EXCITEDLY)
- But, um...
Look, see, King Magnifico has
their wishes in the castle,
captured in these ball-like,
bubbly things
that are very beautiful
but very locked up,
and he'll never
give them back.
What... What are you doing?
Careful.
My mother was shaved
for that yarn!
(HOPEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
ASHA: Yes, that's the castle.
- (SQUEAKS)
- You mean,
we take them back ourselves?
(MAGIC RINGING)
But if we take them,
isn't that stealing?
I mean, we can't...
Right,
they don't belong to him,
do they?
Well, okay, but...
Whoa! Wait, wait!
Slow down. We need a plan!
(GRUNTS)
Ha-ha! Meant to do that.
I'm coming!
Bye-bye!
(GROANING FRUSTRATEDLY)
What was it? What was it?
Who could have commanded it?
Why is there nothing?
Mi Rey,
what has happened here?
I don't know
who we're dealing with,
and these books are useless!
(SIGHS) Just breathe.
(GROANS)
Do not tell me to breathe.
Everything... Everything I do
is to make sure
that never happens again.
And when you're threatened,
you do not breathe.
You focus.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(GASPS)
To summon such light
would demand
a spell so powerful...
No, you yourself say,
"Forbidden magic
is not the way."
A king must be prepared
to do anything
to protect his kingdom.
(SOFT WHOOSHING)
(SIGHS) First,
you must protect yourself.
That's what I'm doing.
Not like this.
We know nothing
of these pages.
You command great magic.
But with this book,
I fear it commanding you.
Please, put that book down.
(SOFT CRACKLE)
(BOTH SIGH)
If you want answers
about the light,
I suggest you look
to your people.
- They love you.
- I know.
They would do
anything for you.
KING MAGNIFICO:
Of course they would.
You are their handsomest,
most beloved king.
You're right.
- I am a handsome king.
- (CHUCKLES)
Oh, my love, excellent advice.
Rosas is so lucky to have you.
As am I.
(SIGHS IN RELIEF)
Everything is fine.
- (ASHA GRUNTING)
- (PEOPLE CHATTERING)
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
Can you stop squiggling, please?
You're drawing attention.
Hi. Hello.
- You know, I'm just gonna...
- (MAN GASPS)
- CHILD: What's in the bag?
- (CROWD EXCLAIMS)
(ASHA PANTING)
(SOLDIER YAWNS)
(DOOR CREAKING)
- (EXHALES) Okay.
- (CHICKENS CLUCKING)
You can come out now.
- (UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYS)
- Oh.
Are those pajamas?
Ah!
Thank you. I feel seen.
(BLOWS) Okay, focus.
I need to talk to Dahlia.
There has to be a way to sneak
into the King's study.
(OBJECTS CLATTERING)
(SQUEALS)
Without anyone seeing you.
Yes, yes.
I'm way ahead of you.
Star may alarm the masses.
- Much like a talking goat.
- What?
Which is why
you're both staying here.
- (STAR SQUEAKS)
- With the chickens?
Did you see what just came out
of that one's...
I'll be right back.
Stay quiet.
(STAR SQUEAKS)
- (GABO SCOFFS)
- HAL: Come on.
Even you have to admit, Gabo,
that light last night
felt amazing. (CHUCKLES)
It was probably a curse.
- Cookies.
No! This batch is for the King!
(LAUGHS) A squirrel just said
"Good morning" to me.
I have no response to that.
I didn't either. Right?
I mean, what do you say
to a squirrel?
- (TAKES DEEP BREATH)
- (MUFFLED WHOOSH)
(GASPS)
(CHICKENS CLUCKING)
Oh!
I really have to watch
where I'm going.
You touch 'em, you wash 'em.
- It was an accident.
- (GABO SHRIEKS)
How? How do you always do that?
(CHUCKLES COYLY)
Hey, how are you
and your poor Saba this morning?
- Oh, uh, coping.
- Hmm.
And curious.
How do the kitchens
get food up to the King?
Oh, um,
the formal servers bring
his meals to the dining room.
- (MUFFLED WHOOSHING)
- (VALENTINO LAUGHS)
(LAUGHING LOUDLY)
So, what about when the King
eats in his study?
- What?
- Who brings it then?
Well, his study is off-limits.
(CLEARS THROAT)
(SOFTLY) Details are known
to only a select few.
Including you?
- No comment.
- (GASPS)
- VALENTINO: Ladies, please.
- Who is in there?
I don't hear anything.
Dahlia, if you know
a secret way
into the King's study,
you have to tell me.
Why? What is going on with you?
- (SNEEZES)
- Whoa! Wait, wait, wait, wait.
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
What are you doing?
I... I gotta collect eggs.
No! I mean, let me.
I'll do it for you.
Nah, that's okay, Asha.
But your allergies!
All that sneezing.
That can't be good for you.
Are you trying to take
the chickens away from me?
You know Safi
loves those chickens.
- I do.
- Are you okay, Asha?
Something's up with you.
- What are you hiding?
- Oh! Nothing.
VALENTINO:
Life is to be lived!
And nobody.
- What is going on in there?
- Why are you all sweaty?
You can tell us anything.
Move or we break
the door down!
No, no, no, no.
Fine. Fine! (SIGHS)
Last night,
after everything happened,
I made a wish...
on a star.
What are you, five?
And the star answered.
- (LIVELY MUSIC PLAYING)
- (CHICKENS CLUCK RHYTHMICALLY)
That's it, ladies.
Your wings can't fly
but your voices can!
(CHICKEN BEATBOXING)
(CHICKENS WHOOPING)
(RHYTHMIC CLUCKING CONTINUES)
Okay, ladies,
big finish!
(CHICKENS CLUCKING OUTRO)
- (MUSIC ENDS)
- (ALL GASPING)
- (SAFI INHALES SHARPLY)
- (ASHA CHUCKLES)
- (STAR SQUEAKS)
- (DARIO CHUCKLES)
These are my friends.
- (STAR SQUEAKS)
- Oh! (LAUGHING)
This is objectively impossible.
- (CHUCKLING)
- (SAFI SNEEZES)
(LAUGHS)
- (CHUCKLES)
- (STAR SHRIEKS)
What? Why am I making you sad?
- (STAR SQUEAKS)
- Oh.
Simon's 18.
He's already given his wish
to the King.
Huh.
I can't remember what I lost.
- (STAR SQUEAKS)
- Oh.
GABO: Don't accept it.
(SHRIEKS) No. Stay away.
No, no, no, no!
Am I the only one who realizes
this is gonna end very badly?
Not if everyone keeps quiet
about Star.
Magic is forbidden by anyone
other than Magnifico,
(SHRIEKING) who is also
the only one authorized
(SHRIEKS) to grant wishes.
Self-authorized.
Wait. Does Star grant wishes?
No, but I think it wants
to help me pursue mine.
Like a fairy godmother.
Life is not a fairytale.
- Whoa!
- (CHICKEN CLUCKING)
What did you wish for?
No, you know what? (BABBLING)
Don't tell us.
I want no part of this.
(FANFARE PLAYING IN DISTANCE)
That's the King's call
to assemble.
Uh... Please,
Magnifico can't know about Star.
And I promise, my wish won't
harm or affect any of you.
Or Rosas.
(STAR SQUEAKS)
That's a big promise, Asha.
But we trust you.
Don't we, Bazee...
Where did she go?
- How does she do that?
- (SAFI SNIFFLES)
It's okay.
We won't tell anyone, Asha.
Right.
(WHISPERS) About the chickens.
We got you.
Right, Gabo?
I don't squeal.
- What are you not telling me?
- Okay. Okay.
Yesterday, I kind of challenged the King.
- What?
- It's, uh, complicated.
- And?
- (GROANS SOFTLY)
Dahlia, what would you do
if you found out
the wishes of those you love
with all your heart
will never be granted?
You mean your Saba's wish.
And, thanks to me,
my mother's. (SIGHS)
I'm here to get their wishes,
so I can give them
back to them.
You're here to steal
from the King?
It's not stealing.
The wishes
don't belong to him.
And you can't just
- ask Magnifico for them back?
- (SIGHS)
I think I've ruined my chances
of asking Magnifico
for anything.
This is how we get food
to the King's study.
(CHUCKLES DELIGHTFULLY)
- (CHUCKLES)
- It's perfect. (GRUNTS)
- A new way to climb!
- Okay, look out!
- We can't fit. Ugh!
- Backing up.
Are you sure about this?
Magnifico could come back
any time.
And that's why
you're gonna stall him.
Please and thank you,
best friend ever?
How am I supposed
to stall a king?
You'll think of something.
You're a genius!
(GASPS)
- Ooh. To the left.
- Let's go up!
I have to reach
the pulley-thing.
And we ride!
I'm sorry,
that was right in your ear.
(FANFARE CONTINUES PLAYING)
- I can't believe that light last night.
- That light was amazing...
Like nothing I've ever seen.
KING MAGNIFICO:
Quiet, quiet, quiet!
I know you are all wondering
about that little light
- last night.
- (CROWD CHEERING)
A light I did not command
or condone!
- (CHEERING SUBSIDES)
- MAN 1: Yeah!
- MAN 2: What?
- It was magic,
though quite clumsy
and amateurish.
It was also
completely forbidden.
There is a traitor
- amongst us...
- (CROWD GASPING)
...who defied the law.
They used magic
to put you all at risk!
- (CROWD EXCLAIMS)
- But don't worry,
they are no match for me.
And I assure you,
- when caught...
- (GASPS)
...they will be punished
severely.
DAHLIA: (SOFTLY) Asha.
- (MUFFLED GRUNTING)
- VALENTINO: You are
awfully slow at this.
- (BELL JINGLES)
- ASHA: Shh!
I think we're here.
VALENTINO: Adventure awaits
right outside this door!
- ASHA: Let's go.
- (RATTLING)
- Oh, no.
No, no, no, no, no.
It's locked.
VALENTINO: I'll ram it.
- (THUD)
- (VALENTINO GROANS)
It hurts without horns.
ASHA: What are you doing?
(WHOOSHING)
Star, please
don't break anything.
VALENTINO: Yes,
but don't hold back.
(BOING)
ASHA: What's happening?
VALENTINO: Just go all out.
Throw magic dust everywhere!
It'll be fine.
BOTH: Yes! (GASP)
- ASHA: No!
- (VALENTINO SCREAMS)
- (EXPLODES)
- (ASHA GASPS)
KING MAGNIFICO:
Rosas needs you.
Any information
would be most helpful.
And I know
you will never, ever
let me down.
- Thank you.
- (CROWD CHEERING)
- (MAJESTIC MUSIC PLAYS)
- (GASPS)
DAHLIA: Your Majesty, wait!
Please!
- (MUSIC FADES OUT)
- Um... (CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
Yes, go on.
Ahem. Okay.
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
Hi. Hi. Uh...
Hi, I'm Dahlia. (CHUCKLES)
I make your Magnifico cookies.
Fantastic. What can I do for you, Dahlia?
(CHUCKLING)
Oh. Thank you for asking.
(CLEARS THROAT)
You said any information
would be helpful.
- Uh-huh.
- But pragmatically speaking,
what qualifies?
Evidentiary?
- How about circumstantial?
- (SIGHS)
First hand? Ooh, second hand?
- What about hunches?
- Oh!
Sure.
How about hunches?
Yes, any. Any information
about who or what caused
the light would be helpful.
So, yes, hunch. Hunch away.
You said it was amateur magic,
but how come you don't know
- how they did it?
- What?
Perhaps you could
define "amateur"?
- This is about what you know.
- (CROWD MURMURING)
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
It is about your safety,
and most importantly,
the safety of your wishes.
Um, do you mean
our wishes aren't safe?
- Of course they're safe!
- (CROWD GASPING)
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
- (ASHA GRUNTS)
- (BLOWING)
(LAUGHS) Good as new.
Whew. Hope he didn't need those.
- (STAR SQUEAKS)
- (GASPS) Right, the wishes.
That's actually a door,
and Magnifico waved his hand
and it just...
(MIMICS WHOOSHING)
Okay, how about this? Nothing?
Or this?
This? Or this?
(GROANS FRUSTRATEDLY)
- (DUST CHIMES)
- (STAR SQUEAKS)
- Yes!
- VALENTINO: You got it!
- Teamwork!
- (VALENTINO LAUGHS)
(ENTHRALLING MUSIC PLAYING)
(SQUEAKING EXCITEDLY)
(GIGGLES)
(SQUEAKING IN DELIGHT)
Star, I'm glad
you are having fun,
but you have to focus.
Please, find my Saba's
and mother's wishes
as fast as you can!
(SQUEALS)
- (STAR GASPS)
- (DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYS)
How do we know
our wishes are safe?
We never see them.
Why can't we see them?
Why is that a rule?
And why can't
we remember them?
One question at a time.
Since we're asking, what if
we want to change our wish?
Good point, wishes can change.
Let's form a line,
everyone will get a turn.
MAN 1: You know
what'd comfort us?
- Another wish ceremony.
- Yeah.
It would make us all feel
so much better.
WOMAN: Please, Your Majesty!
MAN 2: We could do it now!
No! Not now! Bad timing!
CROWD: (CHANTING)
Wishes, wishes, wishes!
- (LOUDLY) Silence!
- (CROWD GOES QUIET)
Is that all
you can think about?
A Wish Granting Ceremony?
(NERVOUSLY) Mm-hmm.
(BREATHES HEAVILY) Fine.
Whoever identifies the traitor,
your wish will be granted!
- (CROWD CHEERING)
- What?
But hear this!
Anyone who helps the traitor,
anyone who lets me down,
your wish will never
be granted!
(CROWD EXCLAIMS AND MURMURS)
DAHLIA: Wait! Your Majesty...
Enough!
How brazenly they question me!
They only question you
because you make them
feel safe enough to do so.
I'll be with the wishes.
Disturb me with nothing
but good news.
- (UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
- (GROANING FRUSTRATEDLY)
(GROANS ANGRILY)
(SINGING) I can't help it
if mirrors love my face
It's genetics
Yeah, I got these genes
from outer space
Peep the name, I'm magnificent
I put the "I" in omnipotent
I'm passionate, I'm not petulant
Someone praise me
for my benevolence
(CLEARS THROAT) Just look
(CHUCKLES)
I'd give the clothes
off Benito's back
If you really needed that
I'd be the first one
to volunteer
- Henry
- (HENRY GRUNTS)
If your home were to crumble
Or if you were in trouble
- (CHEERS)
- I let you live here for free
And I don't even
charge you rent
I clean up all your messes
And I'm always there
when you need to vent
I give and give
and give and give
(CHUCKLING) You'd think
they'd all be content
And all I really want
is just a little respect
And this is the thanks I get
MALE CHORUS: Dah dah dah dah
Dah dah dah dah dah dah dah
This is the thanks I get
Dah dah dah dah
Dah dah dah dah dah dah dah
And this is the thanks I get
Dah dah dah dah
Dah dah dah dah dah dah dah
And this is the thanks I get
Dah dah dah dah
Dah dah dah dah dah dah dah
You're so brilliant
Oh, that's the least
you could say
There's more, admit it
You're cute and strong
And bold and brave
Thanks!
See this kingdom, I built it up
And you still complain?
Ungrateful much?
Mmm, are you sure
that you're not the prob?
I'd love to see you try
and do my job
Oh-ho!
I granted 14 wishes last year
Come on, that's a high percent
And now you're
questioning your king?
The disrespect
I just underwent
You know, I always got your back
Yeah, really though, it's no sweat
Since the day you were born
and the day that we met
- And this is the thanks I get
- Dah dah dah dah
- Dah dah dah dah dah dah dah
- (STAR YELPS)
This is the thanks I get
Dah dah dah dah
Dah dah dah dah dah dah dah
And this is the thanks I get
Dah dah dah dah
Dah dah dah dah dah dah dah
And this is the thanks I get
Dah dah dah dah
Dah dah dah dah dah dah dah
I didn't wanna do this
I swore I'd never do this
But I'm hypnotized
by how these pages flip
'Cause I refuse
to have my power stripped
A potion, a spell, a summon, a curse?
Anything to make
that light reverse
To this book I don't want
to be tethered
But desperate times
call for desperate measures
(TRILLS LIPS)
Where was I? Oh, yeah.
(CHUCKLES)
There's a traitor in this town
- And still I remain unbent
- (TOYS SCREAMING)
Come out now, explain yourself
I'm sure it's all
just an accident
Well, whoever finds them first
Now, that's a wish well spent
Honestly, keeping you safe
should be worth every cent
And this is the thanks I get
MALE CHORUS: Dah dah dah dah
Dah dah dah dah dah dah dah
This is the thanks I get
Dah dah dah dah
Dah dah dah dah dah dah dah
And this is the thanks I get
- (TOYS SCREAMING)
- Dah dah dah dah
Dah dah dah dah dah dah dah
This is the thanks I get
Dah dah dah dah
(GRUNTING FRUSTRATEDLY)
This is the thanks I get
- (VOICE ECHOES)
- (BREATHING HEAVILY)
(ALL SHUDDER)
I have just the place
for us to work.
(WHOOSHING)
(FOREBODING MUSIC PLAYS)
- (MUSIC FADES OUT)
- (BIRDS SQUEAKING)
VALENTINO:
I was not afraid, Sakina.
Because, like all goats,
I believe the greater
the challenge
we are willing to face,
- the greater the life we live.
- Uh...
Oh, whoa!
Saba,
I know you said
you didn't want to know
a wish that could never be.
But now,
you can make it be.
SABINO: It's so simple,
so pure.
Asha, I know you think
you're doing a good thing, but...
I should never have
given Magnifico my wish.
This... (BREATHING HEAVILY)
This belongs to me.
(SIGHS IN RELIEF)
(WHOOSHING)
(CHUCKLES)
(EXHALES SHARPLY, CHUCKLES)
Saba...
Oh, Asha, I may never
actually inspire anybody,
but now at least
I have the chance to try.
I'm going back
for your wish next, Mama.
- (DOOR OPENS)
- (BOTH GASP)
- (DOOR CREAKS)
That's right, Asha.
You've been turned in.
Where is it?
Where is the star?
There's nothing here for you!
How did you do it, huh?
What sorcery did you use?
I know no sorcery.
You ripped a star from the sky
and used it to steal from me.
ASHA: The wishes
don't belong to you.
You were never going
to grant my Saba's wish.
And he deserves
to have it back.
- They all deserve...
- I told you,
I decide what they deserve.
Please, Your Majesty.
She made a mistake.
She won't do it again.
Oh, I know she won't.
Does this feel familiar,
- Sakina?
- (GASPS) My wish.
Yes, your wish that you gave
to me for safekeeping,
because we all know
what happens
to wishes out in this...
this real world. (CHUCKLES)
- They get crushed.
- (GASPS)
- (SHATTERS)
- (MOANING IN PAIN)
- Mama!
- Sakina. No!
Ooh, what is this?
(GASPS)
What a gift.
All this time, I've protected
the wishes not knowing
the power they yield.
I feel as if I can do...
anything.
(GASPS)
(SQUEAKS)
The star. (GASPS)
I must have it.
(SAKINA BREATHING HEAVILY)
- (ASHA GRUNTS)
- (GROANS)
Let's go! Now!
GUARD 1: What is that?
GUARD 2: Hey!
- (WHOOSHING)
- (GUARDS GRUNTING)
- GUARD 2: Is this yarn?
- Hurry, hurry.
From one domesticated animal
to another,
help us!
(WHINNYING)
- (SAKINA MOANS)
- ASHA: Careful.
That's it, Sakina. Hold on!
- VALENTINO: Whoa...
- (HORSE WHINNIES)
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
We've run out of land.
There's a boat.
Hurry.
Go, return to your stables.
- If anyone asks, play dumb.
- (HORSES NICKER)
- I say we head for the islet.
- (SAKINA GROANS)
It's closest.
- We can hide there.
- (ASHA GRUNTING)
Oh, thank you.
- (SAKINA MOANS)
- Mama?
My heart knows this feeling.
This is grief.
Oh, I didn't mean
for this to happen. (SIGHS)
(SIGHS) I know, baby.
I was foolish to think
I could change anything.
I should never have wished.
(BREATHES SHAKILY)
(ASHA SIGHS)
It's true.
My wish has ruined everything
for my family.
And now everyone in Rosas is at risk
because of me.
(GROANS SOFTLY)
Oh, Asha, no.
Everyone is at risk
because of Magnifico.
Our dear Rosas.
Your father's heart would break
for what we now know.
(MELANCHOLY MUSIC PLAYING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(SIGHS)
I know what you're thinking
because I'm thinking it, too.
- I love you both very much.
- What is going on?
- When you get to the islet...
- SABINO: Asha.
- ...stay hidden from view.
- SAKINA: What are you doing?
I have to stop him.
- No!
- It's too dangerous!
I started this.
I have to finish it...
- (SAKINA GASPS)
- ...for everyone.
- Asha!
- No!
- (ASHA GRUNTS)
- I cannot swim!
(SAKINA GASPS)
Perfect.
- Shark!
- ASHA: What?
No, no. I...
I have not seen a shark.
I'm just practicing.
(SINISTER MUSIC PLAYING)
To harness a star...
Ooh, a staff.
A staff of such power,
even the night
will bow to my command.
(LAUGHS MALICIOUSLY)
Perfect.
One branch of mountain ash
bathed in Tollen's potion.
Molten iron for strength,
copper for a strike.
And most important,
the power cast
from the innocent hearts of three.
You dared to question me
and all that I do for you.
You don't deserve
to be granted.
But, through me,
you may serve
a greater purpose.
(ALL SHATTER)
- (GASPING)
- My love.
Such sadness.
(GASPS, GRUNTS)
(GASPS, MOANS)
(DRAMATIC CHORAL MUSIC PLAYING)
(LAUGHING MALICIOUSLY)
Yes!
(LAUGHS) Yes!
Amaya, darling, come! Come!
(LAUGHING)
You're just in time
to meet my new toy!
(QUEEN AMAYA GASPS)
Now, that is power.
Am I glowing?
I feel as if I am. Yes?
How could you?
You know the ways
of forbidden magic are...
Unappreciated.
Much like I am
by my own people.
By that girl.
She did this.
She pulled a star from the sky
to destroy everything I've built.
Asha?
No, she only wanted
her family's wishes back.
(GASPS)
Do you side with the traitor, Amaya?
No. No.
You know I would never side
with a traitor of Rosas.
(GRUNTS)
I have believed in you
from the moment we met.
We built this kingdom together.
There is nothing
more important than that.
Wonderful.
Now, let's go set the stage.
I'm on the hunt! (LAUGHING)
(PLAYING FANFARE)
(CROWD MURMURING)
(STAR SQUEAKS)
You know, all of this
is just a bump in the road.
A gigantically,
humongous bump.
(STAR SQUEAKS)
We have to find Dahlia
and the others.
All I see are feet.
Look at these poor people!
Asha stole and destroyed
their wishes.
She must pay!
They say her family's
gone missing.
I bet she killed them.
This whole thing feels wrong.
- (CROWD GASPING)
- (DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(CROWD EXCLAIMING)
(ALL GASPING)
(PEOPLE SCREAMING)
(LAUGHS) Your faces!
(LAUGHS)
It's okay. You're okay.
- It's just a play on light.
- (CROWD CHEERING)
You know I love you, Rosas.
(SIGHS)
The Queen looks scared.
- (MOUSE SQUEAKING)
- (KING MAGNIFICO CHUCKLES)
KING MAGNIFICO:
Okay, okay, enough play.
(STAR SQUEAKS)
I think we're thinking
the same thing
- again.
- (DING)
W-W-Wait, discreetly!
You are all probably wondering
why you are here.
Yes, there's a savage teenager
running around with a star,
destroying wishes. But...
guess who bravely came forward
and identified her.
Give a big cheer for
- Simon O'Donohue!
- (CROWD CHEERING)
- (GROUP GASPS)
- Simon?
(CHUCKLING) I know, I know!
Tell me, I was as surprised
as you all.
Our sleepy little Simon here.
- No need to be nervous, Simon.
- (CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
Be proud! Show us your joy!
- Your Majesty?
- Oh, my.
I know, a talking mouse,
but don't panic.
I'm very clean,
and I have an important
message for you.
(CLEARS THROAT)
"You once said,
'Generosity is the true
essence of Rosas.'
"I can see your fear,
"but Rosas needs your help now.
"Love, Asha."
The "love" part was my idea.
(CHUCKLES)
Okay. Bye.
So, my dear Simon,
are you ready
to see your wish?
(GASPS)
To be the King's most valiant,
courageous, and loyal knight!
Just not a loyal friend.
It is my great pleasure
to grant you your heart's desire.
(CROWD GASPING)
(GASPING)
- (SIMON GRUNTS)
- (SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(CHUCKLING)
(GRUNTS, GROANS)
(ALL GASPING)
(BOTH GRUNT)
(SIMON GROANS)
(HEROIC MUSIC PLAYS)
Long live the King!
- CROWD: Long live the King!
- (GASPS)
(CHUCKLES)
Oh, isn't that wonderful?
There are six more traitors,
Your Majesty.
Dahlia, Gabo, Dario,
Safi, Hal
and Bazeema.
Find them, so they may pay
for their betrayal.
Find Asha,
so you may be rewarded.
But most importantly,
find me that star,
so I will have the power
to grant all of your wishes!
(CROWD CHEERING)
(ASHA PANTING)
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
(GASPS)
It's a dead end.
A dead end
with un-sanded mahogany.
(CHUCKLES)
- (WOOD SNAPS)
- (SHRIEKS)
Oh! Good find, Valentino.
My butt found it.
GABO: Whoa!
So, this is where you go
when you sneak off, huh, Bazeema?
Thanks for keeping it
all to yourself.
Introverts deserve sanctuary.
(CHUCKLES) I'm happy for you.
(CHUCKLES) We're safe here.
No, we're not safe anywhere.
We're fugitives, thanks to Asha.
She said she just wanted
her family to have
their wishes back.
Oh, and you believed her?
- It's the truth, Gabo.
- (GASPS)
- (GASPS) Hide!
- GABO: We're all gonna die!
Oh! Hey, Asha. (GRUNTS)
Please say you didn't destroy...
- (GROUP GASPS)
- ...those people's wishes?
Of course I didn't.
It was Magnifico.
(SCOFFS) Likely story.
Wait, the King
was acting awfully,
awfully... (INHALES)
Awful.
Simon looked like
he was in pain.
GABO: Yeah, right before
he snitched on us.
(SNEEZES) We're doomed!
Not if we fight.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYS)
(GRUNTING)
(ALL GASPING)
(SINGING) You've been deceived
Magnifico is not the man
he claims to be
He's more vicious than I could
have ever comprehended
When I made a wish
and Star came down
This is not what
I expected or intended
But now that it's happened,
I don't regret it
'Cause now I've seen
him show his true colors
And shades of green
Saying that your wishes aren't safe
Because of me and
That's a lie, lie, lie, lie
And I, I know I can't do this
on my own and
- If it's not us
- (GABO GASPS)
Then who and when?
If we don't fight, he knows he wins
Not allowed
Knowing what I know now
- The lengths he'll go
- (SAFI GASPS)
There's no amount
I won't sit back, watch this play out
That's my vow
Knowing what I know now
- Get up, yah!
- (ALL GASP)
Know I'm not the only one
- That's fed up
- Yah!
Yah!
Wait 'till they hear our feet go
- Dun dun dun dun
- Yah!
I don't think he's prepared
for what's comin'
ALL: A revolution, hit the ground runnin'
If there's one thing
he can't keep down
Uh-huh
It's us and the strength
we've found
It's too loud
Loud
Knowing what we know now
ALL: Knowing what we know now
And who, who knows
if we'll succeed
But we won't stop
and we won't retreat
- Or turn 'round
- ALL: 'Round
Knowing what we know now
ALL: Knowing what we know now
(GRUNTING)
- (MUSIC TEMPO QUICKENS)
- Hoo! Hoo!
Hoo!
Hoo! Hoo!
Hoo! Hah!
(TAP-DANCING)
Can he tell what we're becomin'?
Hear it in the way
we're drummin'
I was sweet
but now I'm something else
ALL: Yah! Yah! Yah! Yah!
Ain't it nice of us to drop in
To take what's ours, to take it back in
- Thinks we're nothin'
- But we're something else
- ALL: Yah! (GASP)
- (MUSIC STOPS)
(ASHA INHALES)
- I've seen too many bad things
- (DRAMATIC MUSIC RESUMES)
That I can't keep count
- He loves
- One thing more than himself
- His crown
- Crown
Knowing what I know now
The good in him, I've watched it melt
I was fooled by the love I felt
- So profound
- Ahhh
- Knowing what I know
- I know
- We know now
Knowing what we know now
(MUSIC ENDS)
(GIGGLES)
- Oh! Hi. (CHUCKLES)
- (STAR SQUEAKS)
- Your Majesty, this is Star.
- (CHUCKLES)
- You are extraordinary.
- (STAR GIGGLES)
You need to know,
Magnifico has embraced
a most corrupt magic.
He is intent
on capturing Star.
He wants to take all
of your energy for himself.
Then Star needs to leave,
like, right now.
No, no. If anyone's leaving,
it's gonna be you.
Star won't go until
those wishes are free.
Does that mean
you have a plan?
- (STAR SQUEAKS)
- Of course we have a plan.
KING MAGNIFICO: Oh!
Fantasyland in the sky, huh?
- How about Neverland?
- (SHATTERS)
The perfect nanny
for your horrible children?
Poppin' this one!
- (SHATTERS)
- (LAUGHING)
Oh! True love, how sweet.
- (SHATTERS)
- (GRUNTS)
So much for true love.
(GRUNTS)
- (LAUGHING)
- QUEEN AMAYA: Mi Rey!
Asha and Star have been
spotted in the forest.
Is that so?
How fortunate.
(BREATHES SHAKILY)
Shall we gather the citizens,
so they can see you capture her?
Oh, we've been gathering them
a lot lately, don't you think?
- I, um...
- Oh, I'm kidding!
- (CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
- Sound the trumpets, Amaya.
I'll bring back the girl
and the star!
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYS)
Okay. We must work quickly.
(LOUDLY) And quietly!
I'll lead Magnifico
as far away as possible.
And as soon as
he leaves the castle,
you go help the others
free the wishes.
- (SQUEAKS)
- (ASHA GRUNTS)
I know, okay? (CHUCKLES)
I'm worried, too.
- (SQUEAKS)
- Wait. What are you doing?
Oh, a stick.
- (DING)
- Okay.
What do I do with this?
Oh!
Ha! It's magic.
- Thank you.
- (HORSE WHINNIES)
You have to go. Go now.
Okay. I can do this.
(GRUNTS)
What? (GRUNTS)
(GROANS) Come on,
come on, come on, pl...
(SHRIEKS)
Okay. (PANTING)
Good luck, Asha!
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
- (GRUNTS)
- (HORSE WHINNIES)
Challenge accepted.
- (GRUNTS)
- (HORSE WHINNIES)
SAFI: Wow.
HAL: Hi.
- BAZEEMA: Whoa!
- (HAL GASPS)
Through the heart
we understand the world.
- Oh, look, hot drinks.
- Nah-uh-uh.
- (STAR SQUEAKS)
- Star! You're here!
Oh, thank goodness!
This is it, everyone.
First we open the roof,
and then Star returns the wishes.
The Queen said we need
to look for giant pulleys.
Maybe these pulleys?
Start climbing!
As my mother always said,
"If someone falls,
"leave them!" (GRUNTS)
No, buddy,
we're not doing that.
You can come back
'cause I... I hate heights.
- (ALL EXCLAIM)
- Oh, nice!
- (ALL LAUGHING)
- HAL: And away we go!
SAFI: Wow.
GABO: Oh, this is high.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(GRUNTS)
(HORSE WHINNIES)
(BREATHES SHARPLY, GRUNTS)
(WHOOSHING)
(CHUCKLES SHEEPISHLY)
- (GROWLS)
- (HORSE WHINNIES)
(GRUNTS)
Here. Obsidian oil
for protection from the pages.
This reads like a recipe book
for the foul and the savage.
Look for anything
on how to break his staff,
bind his magic,
or at the very least,
break the hold it has on him.
- (DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
- (ASHA PANTING)
(YELPING SOFTLY)
(GRUNTS)
I don't get you at all!
- (ALL STRAINING)
- (PULLEY CREAKING)
It won't move!
I'm trying my hardest.
Hey, Dario, buddy!
It's called a pulley
for a reason!
This is no time for riddles!
Come on. It's as obvious
as my baby beard.
You must pull together.
On my count.
One. Two.
- Nine zillyboo.
- (GASPS)
Twenty alphabet.
- Wait, what?
- (SIGHS)
I... I can't count.
Now!
(ALL GRUNT)
That's it.
Give it all you've got!
(STRAINING, GRUNTS)
- (ALL STRAINING)
- (GRUNTS)
(GRUNTS)
- (STAR GRUNTS)
- GABO: No!
Oh, he's become
practically untouchable.
No metal can break his staff.
No spell can bind his magic.
And no one can bring him
back from this.
"Embrace forbidden magic just once,
"and you commit to it for eternity."
- (GRUNTS)
- (DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(ASHA GRUNTING WEAKLY)
Whoa!
I can't turn, I can't turn,
I can't turn!
Whoa, I can't stop staring.
Work for me, stick.
Oh! (GRUNTS)
STAG: Oh, dear.
- (HORSE WHINNIES)
- (ASHA YELLING SHAKILY)
(GRUNTS FRUSTRATEDLY)
- We need more weight!
- Hmm.
Well, it's not falling if you jump.
(GRUNTS FRUSTRATEDLY)
All right, fine!
- (SHRIEKS) For Rosas!
- (VALENTINO SCREAMING)
Jump, everyone!
(ALL YELL)
BAZEEMA: I'm gonna die!
- (ALL WHOOPING AND LAUGHING)
- I'm gonna live!
(ALL LAUGHING IN DELIGHT)
MAN 1: Are those our wishes?
MAN 2: They must be.
WOMAN:
Oh, the wishes are free.
The wishes.
She's freeing them.
Our girl.
Come on.
Saba, you're 100 years old.
But my will is strong. Yeah-ha!
(CHUCKLES) They did it!
- (HORSE WHINNIES)
- (SHRIEKS, GRUNTING)
- (KING MAGNIFICO GRUNTS)
- No! (PANTING)
(KING MAGNIFICO CHUCKLES)
It doesn't matter.
You're too late.
Asha,
Magnifico's never too late.
Simon? (GASPS)
Star!
(PANTING)
- (GRUNTS, LAUGHS)
- (GRUNTS)
You really think
you can take me?
(SIMON SCREAMING)
(SIMON GASPING)
- (GROWLS)
- ASHA: Thanks, John!
Any time, Asha!
(SHRIEKS)
- Please don't hurt me.
- (LAUGHS)
It's not me
you should be afraid of.
- Boom!
- (SCREAMING)
(SCREAMING CONTINUES
IN DISTANCE)
(CROWD GASPING IN AWE)
(ALL LAUGHING HAPPILY)
(CAPTIVATING MUSIC PLAYING)
- (BOOM)
- (STAR SQUEAKS)
(PANTING) Star! Hyah!
(CROWD EXCLAIMING)
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
(CHUCKLES) Surprise.
(GRUNTS SOFTLY)
(MUFFLED WHOOSHING)
(CHUCKLING)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
Good evening, Rosas!
(KING MAGNIFICO'S VOICE ECHOING)
(CHUCKLES) Wow,
the stars are out tonight.
Oh, except for you.
You're trapped now, aren't you?
(CHUCKLES)
But you see, what can I say?
I really, really don't like
being betrayed.
- (CROWD GASPING)
- It is you
who betrays your people!
Nope, nope, nope,
nope, nope, nope.
I've had enough of you.
- (GASPS, GRUNTS)
- (CROWD EXCLAIMS)
HAL: Your Majesty!
Your little trick didn't work, Amaya.
I still got what I wanted.
What's this?
The wishes aren't yours to free.
They are mine!
Now, bow down to your king!
Star, get away from there!
(GRUNTS)
- No! (GRUNTS)
- (CROWD EXCLAIMS)
Asha!
(ASHA YELPING)
Well, hello, Asha.
So glad you could join us.
How's the whole
"taking your wish
into your own hands"
working out for you?
- Oh, wait.
- (GRUNTING)
I don't actually care.
- (CLINKING)
- Hello, there.
- Let's do this!
- Star!
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
- (GASPS)
- (STAR SQUEAKS)
No!
(CROWD EXCLAIMS)
Yes.
(WHIMPERS)
(LAUGHS)
Mirrors, mirrors on the wall,
who is the handsomest?
Me!
No!
- I win.
- (CROWD GASPING)
(SIGHS)
Wishes really do come true.
You don't deserve Star!
I told you, I decide!
(ASHA GRUNTS)
- (GRUNTS, LAUGHS)
- (ASHA GROANS)
- (CONTINUES LAUGHING)
- (PANTING)
- Oh! No, you don't!
- (GROANS WEAKLY)
There will be no wishing
on stars ever again!
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
In fact, there will be no more hope,
no more dreams,
and no escape.
(LAUGHING MALICIOUSLY)
- (PANICKED SHOUTING)
- MAN: Run!
(GRUNTS)
(GASPING)
KING MAGNIFICO:
No chance to rise up.
- No one to tell any tales.
- (PEOPLE GRUNTING)
No one to challenge me ever again!
(GRUNTING WEAKLY)
You... are...
nothing!
(ASHA GRUNTS)
(BREATH SHUDDERING)
(ALL GRUNTING AND PANTING)
We... are...
stars.
(SINGING) So, I look out
at the stars just like me
(SOFT MUSIC PLAYING)
(CRYING SOFTLY)
And I'm begging you
to see this as a sign
(GROANING)
(GRUNTS, PANTS)
You really need to learn
to give up.
(BREATH SHUDDERING)
'Cause I know
that if you choose
To stand beside me
- (GRUNTS)
- (ASHA GROANING)
(CHUCKLES)
- DAHLIA: We'll be greater
- (GASPS)
Than all his magic combined
So, I make this wish
(GRUNTS)
Silence!
- (QUEEN AMAYA GRUNTS)
- (CROWD GASPING)
BOTH: So, I make this wish
- So, I make this wish
- (GRUNTS)
- (ALL GRUNT)
To have something more
for us than this
- (DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYS)
- (MALE CHORUS VOCALIZING)
(SCREAMS)
(ALL GRUNTING)
- (MUSIC TEMPO INCREASES)
- We've had generations
Of expectations
Wondering why
and wondering when
We're past dipping our toes in
We know it's do or die, it's sink or swim
We were all confusing
your promises for protection
But we know
what we've got to do
Hope unchanging
with our wish held high
- The way you've always
- (GRUNTS)
Taught us to
- (MUSIC PAUSES)
- No! No! No!
Stop!
(ALL GRUNTING)
- So, I look out at the stars
- (MUSIC RESUMES)
Just like me
And throw caution
- To every warning sign
- (SCREAMS)
What we do in this moment
is defining
And we can take it on
if we align
So, I make this wish
No!
ALL: To have something more
for us than this
Those are my wishes!
So, I make this wish
To have something more
- For us than this
- (GRUNTING)
(MALE CHORUS VOCALIZING)
(YELLS, GRUNTS)
(STRAINING)
- (GRUNTS)
- (STAFF CLATTERS)
(MAGICAL MUSIC PLAYING)
(ALL CHEERING)
(SQUEAKS)
HAL: We did it!
BAZEEMA: They're free!
(CAPTIVATING MUSIC PLAYING)
(LAUGHING)
(MAN LAUGHS WITH JOY)
- My wish.
- It's beautiful.
I'm going to make it happen.
Oh, I can't wait
to get started.
(SIGHS IN RELIEF)
This feeling.
Come home.
(SAKINA GASPS)
There you are.
(GASPS)
Oh, my beautiful wish.
(SIGHS IN RELIEF)
- Mama, you got your wish back.
- (SQUEAKS)
- (GASPS) My baby!
- (GASPS) Asha!
- (SIGHS OF RELIEF)
- I'm so happy for you.
(LAUGHTER)
(ASHA GASPS)
(GROANS SOFTLY)
Oh, this guy.
What do you have to say
for yourself?
Asha...
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I don't expect you to forgive me.
I was just so scared
I'd have to live without...
well...
all of me. (INHALES SHAKILY)
And I wanted so badly
to believe in him.
So did I.
We all did.
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
Never trust a handsome face.
That's why I hang out
with you guys.
Aw, you get over here.
- (LAUGHING)
- (GABO STRAINING)
KING MAGNIFICO:
(MUFFLED) Hello?
Hello?
This is your King.
- (GASPS)
- Oh, Amaya, thank goodness!
Do you see
what they've done to me?
Hmm. Well, you do love mirrors.
That is not funny.
Get me out of here at once.
No.
- (MIRROR SQUEAKS)
- What?
After everything I've done
for you, for Rosas,
this is the thanks I get?
(GRUNTS)
This is the thanks
you deserve.
Hang it on the wall...
in the dungeon.
KING MAGNIFICO: Please, no!
The dungeon smells really bad!
(CROWD CHEERING)
Long live the Queen!
CROWD: Long live the Queen!
(BELL TOLLS)
MAN: We never
needed Magnifico.
- Magnifico, Schmagnifico.
- Excuse us.
This way, this way.
She's just over here.
Queen Amaya, I found her!
- Your Majesty.
- (QUEEN AMAYA CHUCKLES)
I hear you long to fly.
Well, Peter here wants
to build a flying machine.
- Hi!
- You two should work together.
- (ASHA GASPS, CHUCKLES)
- Let me know how I can help.
- (STAR SQUEAKS)
- Hmm.
- (MAN WHISTLING)
- (GASPS)
(PLAYING LIVELY MUSIC)
I'm just getting started.
(STRUMMING PLEASING TUNE)
This is more than I could have
ever dreamed possible.
I dream of a utopian metropolis
where all mammals are equal,
- and wear clothes!
- Oh!
(SQUEAKS)
Wait. Where'd you go?
Ooh. I know.
- I'm sorry I broke it.
- (SQUEAKS)
(CROWD GASPING)
- (DING)
- (CROWD EXCLAIMING)
W-W-W-W-Wait,
- is that a magic wand?
- (STAR SQUEAKS)
Okay, thank you,
but no thank you.
I am no good with magic.
I mean, I put a dress on a tree.
- I will take it for her.
- Uh-uh.
It's for Asha.
- GABO: Ugh!
- (ASHA CHUCKLES)
But what am I supposed
to do with it?
Be our fairy godmother.
I mean, what else?
(SNORTS)
No, I couldn't be that.
(ASHA CHUCKLES)
I could?
- (ASHA LAUGHING)
- (CROWD GASPING)
Thank you.
(TRIUMPHANT MUSIC PLAYING)
Okay. (GASPS)
- (CROWD EXCLAIMS)
- Sorry!
- Clara!
- (CLUCKING)
(GRUNTS) And you wonder
- why I'm grumpy!
- (SIMON CHUCKLING)
- (SNICKERS)
- I'm sure she'll work on it
with Star, right?
Oh, no.
I know you too well now.
You're going soon, aren't you?
So you can be there
for others to wish upon.
(GROANS)
I will miss you. (SOBBING)
Oh, my voice is really high
when I cry.
- (SOBBING)
- Aw, Valentino.
Well, soon doesn't
mean tonight.
Oh, thank goodness! (LAUGHS)
That was just too much for me.
I am only three weeks old, after all.
Oh, Star,
how can we ever thank you?
(CHUCKLES)
That's easy.
- Just keep wishing.
- (STAR SQUEAKS)
- (CROWD CHEERING)
- (BAZEEMA CHUCKLES)
(MAJESTIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(DING)
(MUSIC ENDS)
(A WISH WORTH MAKING
BY JULIA MICHAELS PLAYING)
Take it from someone like me
When your hopes are in despair
If your desires have strings
Free them, give them some air
'Cause any wish
that's got your heart
On the edge of breaking
Is a wish worth making
Yeah, everybody dreams
To be something
someday somewhere
Even kings and queens
Daydream to be free
from their royal chairs
Well, any dream
that's got your heart
Even when you're not sleeping
Is a dream worth dreaming
Yeah, we all start
as wildlings
Playin' in the sun
Then we grow up
with wild dreams
Just waitin' for our day
to come
So if hope schemes
against time
Tell them, "Be nice, play fair"
Yeah, they may kick and cry, yeah
But just show them
they're better when paired
'Cause if they both
can hold your heart
There's no way
you're not sowing
A dream that will
never stop growing
Yeah, any wish
that's got your heart
On the edge of breaking
Is a wish worth making
(STRUMMING GENTLE MELODY)
Oh-ho!
(STRUMMING DISNEY THEME MUSIC)
(CHUCKLES)
(GUITAR RENDITION OF
DISNEY THEME MUSIC CONTINUES)
(MUSIC ENDS)